Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge
Original title: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
2017
12A
2h 9m
IMDb RATING
YOUR RATING
POPULARITY
Johnny Depp, Javier Bardem, Geoffrey Rush, Kaya Scodelario, Brenton Thwaites, Pablo, and Chiquita in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)

Captain Jack feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing strongly his way when deadly ghost sailors, led by the terrifying Captain Salazar (Javier Bardem), escape from the Devil's Triangle bent on killing every pirate at sea.
Play trailer0:31
1
Captain Jack Sparrow searches for the Trident of Poseidon to rule the sea while being pursued by old rival Captain Salazar and a crew of deadly ghosts who have escaped from the Devil's Triangle.

Directors
Joachim RønningEspen Sandberg
Writers
Jeff NathansonTerry RossioTed Elliott
Stars
Johnny DeppGeoffrey RushJavier Bardem
See production info at IMDbPro
RENT/BUY
Watch on Prime Video
from A$13.99
759
User reviews
427
Critic reviews
39
Metascore
Awards
1 win & 14 nominations
Videos
29
Pirate's Death TV Spot
Trailer 0:31
Watch Pirate's Death TV Spot
1
Official Trailer
Trailer 2:25
Watch Official Trailer
Super Bowl Spot
Trailer 1:20
Watch Super Bowl Spot
Teaser Trailer
Trailer 1:50
Watch Teaser Trailer
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Clip 1:07
Watch Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Clip 0:55
Watch Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Clip 0:49
Watch Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Global Phenomenon
Featurette 1:23
Watch Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Global Phenomenon
Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Thomas Robinson Harper On Working With Johnny Depp
Featurette 0:42
Watch Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Thomas Robinson Harper On Working With Johnny Depp
Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Golshifteh Farahani On Her Character 'Shansa'
Featurette 0:30
Watch Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Golshifteh Farahani On Her Character 'Shansa'
Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Brenton Thwaites On His Character
Featurette 0:29
Watch Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Brenton Thwaites On His Character
Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Penny Rose On Working With Johnny Depp
Featurette 0:34
Watch Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales: Penny Rose On Working With Johnny Depp
Photos
587
Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Johnny Depp and Kaya Scodelario in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem, Rodney Afif, Juan Carlos Vellido, Stephen Lopez, and Rupert Raineri in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem, Rodney Afif, Juan Carlos Vellido, Mirza Bholah, Nico Cortez, Jason O'Halloran, Stephen Lopez, Jade Amantea, Robbie Clissold, Beau Jones, Adam Eldon, Philippe Deseck, Nick Turello, Lachlan Ward, Rupert Raineri, Victor Leto, Adrian Pickering, Salvatore Merenda, Tim Appleton, Anthony Rinna, Akkshey Caplash, Rafael Torrijos, Ryan Obstoy, Jordan Fulleylove, and Mivon Prince-Leyva in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Orlando Bloom in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Anthony De La Torre in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem and Brenton Thwaites in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem, Juan Carlos Vellido, Nico Cortez, and Rupert Raineri in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem and Geoffrey Rush in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Javier Bardem and Geoffrey Rush in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)
Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge (2017)

Sponsored 
Top cast
Johnny Depp
Johnny Depp
Captain Jack Sparrow
Geoffrey Rush
Geoffrey Rush
Hector Barbossa
Javier Bardem
Javier Bardem
Captain Salazar
Orlando Bloom
Orlando Bloom
Will Turner
Brenton Thwaites
Brenton Thwaites
Henry Turner
Kaya Scodelario
Kaya Scodelario
Carina Smyth
Kevin McNally
Kevin McNally
Gibbs(as Kevin R. McNally)
Golshifteh Farahani
Golshifteh Farahani
Shansa
David Wenham
David Wenham
Scarfield
Stephen Graham
Stephen Graham
Scrum
Angus Barnett
Angus Barnett
Mullroy
Martin Klebba
Martin Klebba
Marty
Adam Brown
Adam Brown
Cremble
Giles New
Giles New
Murtogg
Keira Knightley
Keira Knightley
Elizabeth Swann
Paul McCartney
Paul McCartney
Uncle Jack
Delroy Atkinson
Delroy Atkinson
Pike
Danny Kirrane
Danny Kirrane
Bollard
Directors
Joachim RønningEspen Sandberg
Writers
Jeff NathansonTerry RossioTed Elliott
All cast & crew
Production, box office & more at IMDbPro
More like this
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides
6.6
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End
7.1
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
7.4
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest

Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
8.1
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl

Pirates of the Caribbean: Tales of the Code: Wedlocked
6.8
Pirates of the Caribbean: Tales of the Code: Wedlocked

The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
7.8
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug

The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
7.4
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies

Untitled Pirates of the Caribbean Project

The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
7.8
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: Before Harry Potter
7.2
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: Before Harry Potter

Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows
7.4
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows

Iron Man 3
7.1
Iron Man 3

Storyline
Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) finds the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost pirates led by his old nemesis, the terrifying Captain Salazar (Javier Bardem), escape from the Devil's Triangle, determined to kill every pirate at sea...including him. Captain Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, a powerful artifact that bestows upon its possessor total control over the seas.—ahmetkozan
Plot summaryPlot synopsis
Taglines
All pirates must die.
Genres
ActionAdventureFantasy
Certificate
12A
Parents guide
Did you know
Trivia
Joachim Rønning, Espen Sandberg: The severed heads in the guillotine basket.
Goofs
(at around 1h 3 mins) This film shows the compass being given to Jack by a captain he worked for in his youth as that captain is dying. In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest (2006), Tia Dalma said he bartered the compass from her.
Quotes
Henry: [from trailer] I saw her ankles.

Captain Jack Sparrow: You would've seen a lot more if you kept your cakehole shut.

Crazy credits
There is a scene at the end of the closing credits: Will wakes up from a vision involving Davy Jones. He assumes this is a nightmare and returns to sleep, but is unaware to a few of Jones' tokens remaining.
Alternate versions
The film's IMAX release presented the film open-matte, at an aspect ratio of 1.90:1, meaning there was more picture information visible in the top and bottom of the frame (more picture is opened up at the bottom of the frame due to the common-top method used, resulting in the 2.39 image space appearing at the top) than in normal theaters and on home video.
Connections
Featured in Good Morning Britain: Episode dated 3 October 2016 (2016)
Soundtracks
Preludio of Sonata No. 6
Written by Lodovico Giustini (uncredited)
Arranged by William V. Malpede (as William Malpede)
User reviews
759
FEATURED REVIEW
6
/10
A decent, fun enough ride, could have been so much more however

The best film in the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' franchise will always be the first, which is still a terrific film fourteen years later (has it really been that long, feels like only yesterday when first seeing it when it first came out).

Its sequels are not on the same level, and while they are a long way from flawless none of them are awful films either. They have their flaws, 'Dead Man's Chest' did get too frenetic sometimes, 'At World's End' was overlong, bloated and needlessly bloated and 'On Stranger Tides' (which has been dumped upon by many here but to me it was a very enjoyable film, one of the better sequels, and much better than given credit for, which is not going to be a popular opinion) had an underdeveloped and forced romantic subplot and too much filler that could have been trimmed in some places. They all have great merits, namely great visuals, exciting action, Hans Zimmer's music, Johnny Depp, Geoffrey Rush and Bill Nighy.

'Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge' has its defenders but has also been met with underwhelmed disappointment by critics and most fans. Personally am on the fence with 'Salazar's Revenge' and consider it one of the weaker entries generally of the series, with only 'At World's End' being weaker. It is a decent and fun enough ride, but it could have been so much more and has some glaring flaws.

It is easy to say forget the story, however this is a strong case of being very hard to do so when there is so little to it. It takes a while to get going and there are some real pacing problems in the final act, which has its good points but generally is very tedious. It is very thin for the running time and feels overstretched and bloated, giving the impression the film is too long. The script has some droll and witty quips every now and again, but mostly it is very weak with far too much of a rambling, improvisatory and random feel, it just doesn't feel that well structured. There is also a very bizarre exchange with Depp and Paul McCartney (whose presence is rather jarring).

Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario are vastly inferior to Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley, they lack presence and come over as bland and dare one say deadweight. The music score is rousing enough and creates some nostalgia, but can be overly bombastic and is too much of a retread from the music of the previous films. There is an overload of CGI effects, which standard-wise are mostly splendid though with some artificial ones too.

With all this being said, there are obvious merits here. Once again, the production values are impeccable, the cinematography is skillful and full of beauty and atmosphere, the costumes, sets and period recreation is authentic and sumptuous and the effects are superb. As aforementioned the special effects are splendid quality-wise.

'Salazar's Revenge's' action is a lot of fun too, being coherent and exciting, especially the very scary one with the undead shark and the ending, which also does a good job clearing up loose ends. There are some great and suitably light-hearted comedy set pieces, like Jack being dragged by a building and clinging onto the guillotine.

Jack not being the central focus but still being essential to the plot proved to be a good move. 'Salazar's Revenge' succeeds in bringing a sense of nostalgia. Loved Barbossa's story arc, inarguably the film's most interesting which allows Geoffrey Rush to really sink his teeth and give a fun and moving performance. His revelation and his farewell was heart-breaking in its emotion.

Contrary to what some have said, apart from the newcomers to the franchise Thwaites and Scodelario as well as McCartney, the acting was fine. Although Johnny Depp's performance has been criticised, to me he still has the enthusiasm, sense of fun and swagger. Geoffrey Rush does a great job as always, while an unrecognisable Javier Bardem (very impressively made-up) is simply brilliant and clearly having a whale of a time as perhaps the franchise's most sinister villain (if not the best, that title still belongs to Bill Nighy's Davy Jones).

Summing up, decent and fun enough ride that could have been so much more. 6/10 Bethany Cox

helpful
•
46

12

TheLittleSongbirdMay 29, 2017
Top picks
Sign in to rate and Watchlist for personalized recommendations
FAQ
25
How long is Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
Powered by Alexa
Why is Captain Salazar after Jack?
Jack has given his compass away before, how come that never released Salazar?
Didn't Tia Dalma give Jack the Compass?
Details
Release date
May 26, 2017 (United Kingdom)
Countries of origin
United StatesAustraliaUnited KingdomCanada
Official sites
Official Movie Facebook PageWatch Pirates of the Caribbean : Salazar's Revenge on Disney+ Hotstar
Languages
EnglishSpanish
Also known as
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Filming locations
Village Roadshow Studios, Oxenford, Queensland, Australia(Studio)
Production companies
Walt Disney PicturesJerry Bruckheimer FilmsInfinitum Nihil
See more company credits at IMDbPro
Box office
Budget
$230,000,000 (estimated)
Gross US & Canada
$172,558,876
Opening weekend US & Canada
$62,983,253May 28, 2017
Gross worldwide
$795,922,298
See detailed box office info on IMDbPro
Technical specs
Runtime
2 hours 9 minutes
Color
Color
Sound mix
Dolby AtmosDolby DigitalDolby Surround 7.1
Aspect ratio
2.39 : 1

